(intense music)
Partial expansion! Jutsu!
(explosion)
(shouting)
Hey don't damage
the power plant.
Yeah, I know that.
No you don't!
Dammit!
Cho-Cho, they're all yours.
Okay.
(intense music)
Shikadai, I've got this.
(screaming)
Dammit!
Take this!
Shadow Paralysis
Jutsu, complete.
(intense music)
(crash)
(screaming)
Dammit!
Thank you.
Shikadai, that was
way too aggressive.
Thankfully I got there
in time, but just barely.
Maybe you shouldn't
push yourself
to only use Shadow Paralysis.
Yeah, sorry.
I'll go and make sure
there's no damage.
Seems like Shikadai
was kinda impatient.
Yeah, he's been a
little bit off lately.
[Shikadai] I've
got to get better
at using Shadow Paralysis Jutsu.
(Japanese intro music)
(Japanese Intro music)
[Shikadai] I'm home.
Uh, are you really
going out this late?
Well, I was asked to attend
the Feudal Lord's banquet.
Some VIPs from the Land
of Wind are here, so.
Ugh, what a drag, huh?
It really can't be helped.
I mean I have to go and
support Gaara, after all.
Huh?
Who's here?
Its Lord Enchu.
Ah, really?
That old man?
Temari's been invited
to the banquet,
so I don't understand
why you aren't going to
attend along with her?
Tonight's guests
of honor are the
Land of Wind's Feudal
Lord and politicians.
Temari's related
to Lord Kazekage,
so it's only natural
that she attend.
You are Lord Hokage's chief aid.
The fact is, you're
essential to this village.
Listen, I'd be
totally out of place
at a fancy banquet
like that one.
Oh, it seems you have forgotten.
Back when you two
were to be married?
You must remember what happened.
All that gossip
from the Hidden Sand
that you were an
unworthy upstart
who stole they're princess
away from their village.
Those were just silly rumors.
Please don't bother
getting offended
over something like that.
The start of a rumor
is insult enough!
It's proof they're looking
down on the Nara Clan.
(scoffing)
If this is how it is,
I should have made
you a politician
back when I had the chance.
I don't have any
interest in politics.
The whole thing's way
too much of a drag.
That attitude is why your
son's been adversely affected.
How long does Shikadai intend
to play it safe as a genin?
I heard he's far from
mastering Shadow Jutsu.
Listen, I'll have you know
that Shikadai's assessment
actually went up during
the last Chunin Exams.
As for the Shadow Jutsu,
he's training diligently.
In time,
Shadow Jutsu are synonymous
with taking responsibility
for the clan.
Don't you think it's an
embarrassment for him
to remain so unskilled?
Since the war, many
clansmen have retired.
From now on, it's up
to you and your son
to take the lead and
energize our Clan.
Yes, I understand
that all too well.
But that burden
is for me to bear.
There's no need to
push it on to Shikadai.
Ha!
Make sure you don't forget
your true mission in life.
Shikadai.
So, you're back?
Yes, sir.
I have high hopes for
you and your future.
Don't end up becoming
like your father.
Hey, Dad.
I didn't know you were home.
How come you didn't tell
him off more than that?
That old man thinks he
can say anything he wants
just because he's an elder.
It's not right.
We owe Lord Enchu.
We've been indebted to
him since my dad's time.
Look dad, I'm.
Don't be so impatient.
Just do things at your own
pace and it'll work out fine.
(groaning)
Hey, what's the matter Shikadai?
Another mess up with his
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu.
Again?
That's four mess-ups
in a row now, isn't it?
Shut up.
Aww.
It's really not like you to
mess things up, Shikadai.
And you've also
been oddly obsessed
with that one Jutsu lately.
Hey, come on, I have not.
You used to leave that kind
of stuff to me and Cho-Cho.
Is the Shadow Paralysis Jutsu
the only one that you can use?
No way! Of course not!
You used to be really
good at Wind Style
in the past, right?
Oh, yeah.
Your mom is Lord Kazekage's
older sister, isn't she?
Oh, uh I can't use it anymore.
What's that mean?
Look, it doesn't matter.
Right now, I have the
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu.
A Secret Ninjutsu passed
down for generations.
I'm actually jealous
you can use a technique so
rich in tradition and history.
My family doesn't have
anything like that.
It's just a drag, that's all.
There's too much obligation.
To tell you the truth,
I'm jealous of
your family, Denki.
My family's no fun either.
The company became really
successful under my Dad,
so there's a lot of pressure
on me to keep it going.
Oh, I see.
So in other words,
it seems that the both of
us are in the same position,
caught in the middle
of family affairs, huh?
Some inspectors from
the Land of Wind
are going to arrive here soon.
Why are they coming here anyway?
To examine the Leaf's
electric power technology.
They're planning to build
an electric power plant
in the desert soon.
A power plant?
You mean like that
place we just guarded
on that recent mission?
Yes.
In fact, that facility
is on the itinerary
for them to see.
Everything is going to be
pretty hectic around here
for a little while.
All right, so what's
our mission then?
Just stand by.
What? Stand by?
Like a break?
It's not really a break.
If something happens,
we have to be ready
to jump into action.
It's just that since
our team's been
a little off our game lately.
Oh, I see.
You reap what you sow, huh?
Hey, how come you're
all looking at me?
But come to think of it,
it's kind of strange.
Our team's the only one
that's been put on standby.
How much of everyone's
trust have we lost?
Well, we just have to
keep doing our best.
We'll win back their
trust eventually.
All right.
Dammit!
[Enchu] Shikadai!
Huh?
Lord Enchu.
So, you've been ordered
to stay on standby.
Huh?
I put in a request.
I asked the Feudal Lord to
pull you from the vanguard
for the time being.
But why would you do that?
You want to take your father's
place and responsibility
of restoring the
clan's prestige.
But things haven't been
going to well, have they?
You seem to be trying your
best, but at this rate,
it's only going to have
the opposite effect.
In fact, you'll just make
your father lose face.
And so, Shikadai, I want
you to go into politics.
Our Feudal Lord Ikkyu has
been looking for candidates
that he can develop into
skilled politicians.
So, I've arranged for
you to go study with him.
Study to be a politician?
Is that why we were
pulled from active duty?
Currently, Shikamaru
is carrying the weight
of the the entire Nara
Clan all by himself.
I know that.
I realize that you're
making an effort but still,
it takes a long time to
master Shadow Paralysis Jutsu.
It's just like shogi.
At times, you can't
break through
a predicament with
a frontal attack.
You must use your pieces wisely.
And sometimes, a new
strategy might be necessary.
I'll make the arrangements.
It'll be a good way to be
useful to your father, right?
It's just all so sudden.
For me, being a ninja.
You can still be one.
Two years.
For now, just go and
study for two years.
Being mentored by the
Feudal Lord is prestigious.
So then?
Just one thing.
If I agree to do this for you,
will you stop interfering
with my father going forward?
Very well, then.
I think that I might
become a politician.
A politician?
But why now all of a sudden?
Don't tell mem did Lord Enchu?
Well, yeah, Lord Enchu was
the one who brought it up.
But still, I made
up my own mind.
Hmm.
What about being a ninja?
I'll take two years
off for the time being.
I'm thinking that it's
a good way to advance.
Are you sure this is
really what you want to do?
I am.
I understand.
Now, hold on a second.
This is the path he's
chosen for himself.
He should do things
the way he wants to.
Dad, you?
On one condition.
Do this for yourself.
Talk it out with
your friends first.
Yeah, okay.
(upbeat rock music)
[Denki] Shikadai?
Huh?
I'm sorry to bug you.
No, it's all right.
What about you?
Were you okay
coming out this far?
Oh, sure.
This is the place, right?
The power plant that you
and your team protected?
Well, I don't know if
I'd call it protecting.
Come on, what are
you talking about?
Thanks to you guys,
we managed to avoid even
more serious damage.
The energy generated by the
wind mills is stored here
and then sent to the village.
What's that?
We linked that windmill
to the underground turbine
for monitoring purposes.
If that windmill is turning,
it means the system
is working normally.
So then, right now?
Yeah.
I was involved in
designing this system.
So making sure that it's
running the way its supposed to
is part of my job too.
Wow.
You're amazing Denki.
Oh, no, not at all.
I think that you guys are
way more amazing than I am.
I mean, Shikadai, I
could never do something
like your Shadow
Paralysis Jutsu.
Denki.
I'm gonna quit being a
ninja and be a politician.
What?
Where'd that come
from all of a sudden?
I guess, it's a
family situation.
You understand that, right?
In my position, I just
have no other choice.
But Shikadai.
Huh?
What's that?
Not good.
There's a reverse flow of
energy in the storage battery.
If we don't stop
it, it'll explode!
(electricity buzzing)
Oh, no, it's not working.
It won't accept my input.
Is there any other
way to stop it?
If we can directly
access the main system.
You sure about that?
This whole thing could
explode at any second but,
you just stay back, Shikadai.
Right now, I've
got to do this.
(electricity buzzing)
Don't be reckless, Denki.
Even if your doing it for the
sake of your dad's company.
For the sake of my dad?
What are you talking about?
I'm here because I wanna be.
It's of my own free will.
This is an important place,
and it's connected to the
future of the village.
Right now, the only one who
can really protect
this place is me.
Denki!
I'm okay.
Shikadai, earlier you asked
if I understand the position
that you've been put in.
It's true, at first I was caught
in the middle of
my family's issues.
But even situations like that
can be changed to
the way you want.
After becoming a ninja,
I learned that from Boruto
and all the rest of you guys.
Situations can be changed.
[Denki] I won't
hold myself back.
I'll do whatever I can to
the very best of my ability.
One day, I'll be
the ninja president
of the Kaminarimon Company.
All right, that should do it.
Huh?
It didn't work.
The wiring must
be cut somewhere.
The turbine that generates
energy isn't working.
At this rate, it'll. -
You said the turbine and that
windmill are linked, right?
That's right, but.
In other words, if
we make it spin,
the turbine will run, right?
Logically speaking, yes.
If we restart the system
at the same time the
turbine's moving,
we can avoid an explosion
caused by the reverse flow.
But unfortunately,
there's no way for us
to make that giant
windmill move.
Don't worry, just
leave that to me.
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu?
I don't think it's strong
enough to turn the windmill.
No.
What I'm going to
use is this one!
What are you doing?
Go Denki!
You just focus on
restarting the system.
Yeah, but, using Wind
Style to turn the windmill?
I swear, I'm gonna make it work.
I'm on it.
Here we go.
Wind Style!
Air Current Dance!
(wind noises)
(grunting)
Amazing.
Yes!
(upbeat rock music)
We did it!
Yeah, looks like we
got it to work somehow.
Nice one, Shikadai.
(screaming)
(crash)
What?
Shadow Paralysis
Jutsu, now complete.
I guess I worried too much
about doing things
for my parents' sake.
A little while earlier
when you told me
that you're gonna become
a ninja president one day,
I got really ashamed of myself
cause I still haven't done
everything that I can do.
I'm not gonna
become a politician.
Also, I won't hold
myself back anymore.
Shikadai.
Huh?
It seems that you
can be a real drag.
Shut up.
(laughing)
I've decided not
to be a politician.
Huh?
What happened now?
What changed your mind?
I understand.
If you made that decision
yourself, that's fine.
What? Come on, that's really
good enough for you?
Shouldn't we all talk about it?
[Shikamaru] Shikadai thought
about it all on his own
and then he decided to
change his mind, that's all.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Dammit, you two are so.
I also have a
question for you, Mom.
What is it?
You're so serious.
I just wanted to
ask if you could
teach me how to do
Wind Style properly.
Do Wind Style?
Yeah, I didn't
wanna use it before
'cause I didn't want Dad
to lose face and feel bad.
Hey listen,
kids shouldn't be worrying
about stuff like that.
Yeah, I know.
From here on I'm gonna
do everything that I can.
Increasing the number of my
pieces, even by a little,
is sure to benefit
the Nara Clan.
Look at you all high and mighty.
[Enchu] Coming in!
Huh?
Oh, how fortuitous.
All of you are here.
Perfect timing.
Shikadai, I brought the forms
you'll have to submit
to the Feudal Lord.
Oh uh, I don't think
I need those anymore.
I see, you don't need them.
Huh?
I've changed my mind
about going into politics.
What are you telling me?
Now listen.
The Nara can't have
you and Shikamaru.
Basically, you wanna make sure
that the rest of the village
doesn't look down on us, right?
With dad's Shadow Jutsu
and mom's Wind Style,
I'll master whatever I can use
and I'll exceed your
expectations, Lord Enchu.
Fine then!
Do as you please.
I wash my hands of you!
Seems Lord Enchu's
lost face too.
All right, I'm
gonna tell everyone
I changed my mind
about quitting.
You'd better let Boruto
know as soon as possible.
Nah, it's okay.
He can be a real drag, so
I didn't tell him anything.
Dammit, what's up with him?
Okay, now how am I gonna
explain this to them.
What a drag.
What?
(upbeat outro music)
(singing in Japanese)
(upbeat rock music)
Team seven will be going on
a joint mission with Team 15.
I'm gonna be leading both teams.
What do we need two teams for?
To investigate and
try to find the cause
of aggressive wildlife.
Aggressive wildlife?
I've received reports of
birds going into a frenzy
and attacking people.
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
The Cursed Forest.
We don't need to combine
teams for something like that.
Team seven will
wrap this up quick.
(Japanese outro music)